# MsgVpnBridge

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**BridgeName** | **string** | The name of the Bridge. | [optional] [default to null]
**BridgeVirtualRouter** | **string** | The virtual router of the Bridge. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;primary\&quot; - The Bridge is used for the primary virtual router. \&quot;backup\&quot; - The Bridge is used for the backup virtual router. \&quot;auto\&quot; - The Bridge is automatically assigned a virtual router at creation, depending on the broker&#x27;s active-standby role. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**Enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the Bridge. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxTtl** | **int64** | The maximum time-to-live (TTL) in hops. Messages are discarded if their TTL exceeds this value. The default value is &#x60;8&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN. | [optional] [default to null]
**RemoteAuthenticationBasicClientUsername** | **string** | The Client Username the Bridge uses to login to the remote Message VPN. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**RemoteAuthenticationBasicPassword** | **string** | The password for the Client Username. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**RemoteAuthenticationClientCertContent** | **string** | The PEM formatted content for the client certificate used by the Bridge to login to the remote Message VPN. It must consist of a private key and between one and three certificates comprising the certificate trust chain. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4. Changing this attribute requires an HTTPS connection. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.9. | [optional] [default to null]
**RemoteAuthenticationClientCertPassword** | **string** | The password for the client certificate. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4. Changing this attribute requires an HTTPS connection. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.9. | [optional] [default to null]
**RemoteAuthenticationScheme** | **string** | The authentication scheme for the remote Message VPN. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;basic\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;basic\&quot; - Basic Authentication Scheme (via username and password). \&quot;client-certificate\&quot; - Client Certificate Authentication Scheme (via certificate file or content). &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**RemoteConnectionRetryCount** | **int64** | The maximum number of retry attempts to establish a connection to the remote Message VPN. A value of 0 means to retry forever. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**RemoteConnectionRetryDelay** | **int64** | The number of seconds the broker waits for the bridge connection to be established before attempting a new connection. The default value is &#x60;3&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**RemoteDeliverToOnePriority** | **string** | The priority for deliver-to-one (DTO) messages transmitted from the remote Message VPN. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;p1\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;p1\&quot; - The 1st or highest priority. \&quot;p2\&quot; - The 2nd highest priority. \&quot;p3\&quot; - The 3rd highest priority. \&quot;p4\&quot; - The 4th highest priority. \&quot;da\&quot; - Ignore priority and deliver always. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites supported for TLS connections to the remote Message VPN. The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;default\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

