# Broker

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AuthClientCertRevocationCheckMode** | **string** | The client certificate revocation checking mode used when a client authenticates with a client certificate. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;none\&quot; - Do not perform any certificate revocation checking. \&quot;ocsp\&quot; - Use the Open Certificate Status Protcol (OCSP) for certificate revocation checking. \&quot;crl\&quot; - Use Certificate Revocation Lists (CRL) for certificate revocation checking. \&quot;ocsp-crl\&quot; - Use OCSP first, but if OCSP fails to return an unambiguous result, then check via CRL. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**AverageRxByteRate** | **int64** | The one minute average of the message rate received by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**AverageRxCompressedByteRate** | **int64** | The one minute average of the compressed message rate received by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**AverageRxMsgRate** | **int64** | The one minute average of the message rate received by the Broker, in messages per second (msg/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**AverageRxUncompressedByteRate** | **int64** | The one minute average of the uncompressed message rate received by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**AverageTxByteRate** | **int64** | The one minute average of the message rate transmitted by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**AverageTxCompressedByteRate** | **int64** | The one minute average of the compressed message rate transmitted by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**AverageTxMsgRate** | **int64** | The one minute average of the message rate transmitted by the Broker, in messages per second (msg/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**AverageTxUncompressedByteRate** | **int64** | The one minute average of the uncompressed message rate transmitted by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**CspfVersion** | **int32** | The current CSPF version. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationEstimatedFragmentation** | **int64** | An approximation of the amount of disk space consumed, but not used, by the persisted data. Calculated as a percentage of total space. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationEstimatedRecoverableSpace** | **int32** | An approximation of the amount of disk space recovered upon a successfully completed execution of a defragmentation operation. Expressed in MB. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationLastCompletedOn** | **int32** | A timestamp reflecting when the last defragmentation completed. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationLastCompletionPercentage** | **int64** | How much of the message spool was visited during the last defragmentation operation. This number reflects the percentage of the message spool visited in terms of disk space (as opposed to, for example, spool files). Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationLastExitCondition** | **string** | Reflects how the last defragmentation operation completed. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;success\&quot; - Defragmentation completed successfully. \&quot;unmovable-local-transaction\&quot; - Defragmentation stopped after encountering an unmovable local transaction. \&quot;unmovable-xa-transaction\&quot; - Defragmentation stopped after encountering an unmovable XA transaction. \&quot;incomplete\&quot; - Defragmentation stopped prematurely. \&quot;stopped-by-administrator\&quot; - Defragmentation stopped by administrator. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationLastExitConditionInformation** | **string** | Optional additional information regarding the exit condition of the last defragmentation operation. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationStatus** | **string** | Defragmentation status of guaranteed messaging. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;idle\&quot; - Defragmentation is not currently running. \&quot;pending\&quot; - Degfragmentation is preparing to run. \&quot;active\&quot; - Defragmentation is in progress. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationStatusActiveCompletionPercentage** | **int64** | The estimated completion percentage of a defragmentation operation currently in progress. Only valid if the defragmentation status is \&quot;Active\&quot;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable Guaranteed Messaging. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventCacheUsageThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventDeliveredUnackedThreshold** | [***EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventDiskUsageThreshold** | [***EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventEgressFlowCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventEndpointCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventIngressFlowCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventMsgCountThreshold** | [***EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventMsgSpoolFileCountThreshold** | [***EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventTransactedSessionCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventTransactedSessionResourceCountThreshold** | [***EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventTransactionCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingMaxCacheUsage** | **int32** | Guaranteed messaging cache usage limit. Expressed as a maximum percentage of the NAB&#x27;s egress queueing. resources that the guaranteed message cache is allowed to use. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingMaxMsgSpoolUsage** | **int64** | The maximum total message spool usage allowed across all VPNs on this broker, in megabytes. Recommendation: the maximum value should be less than 90% of the disk space allocated for the guaranteed message spool. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingMsgSpoolSyncMirroredMsgAckTimeout** | **int64** | The maximum time, in milliseconds, that can be tolerated for remote acknowledgement of synchronization messages before which the remote system will be considered out of sync. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingMsgSpoolSyncMirroredSpoolFileAckTimeout** | **int64** | The maximum time, in milliseconds, that can be tolerated for remote disk writes before which the remote system will be considered out of sync. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingOperationalStatus** | **string** | Operational status of guaranteed messaging. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;disabled\&quot; - The operational status of guaranteed messaging is Disabled. \&quot;not-ready\&quot; - The operational status of guaranteed messaging is NotReady. \&quot;standby\&quot; - The operational status of guaranteed messaging is Standby. \&quot;activating\&quot; - The operational status of guaranteed messaging is Activating. \&quot;active\&quot; - The operational status of guaranteed messaging is Active. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingTransactionReplicationCompatibilityMode** | **string** | The replication compatibility mode for the router. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;legacy\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:\&quot;legacy\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site without using transactions.\&quot;transacted\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site using transactions. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;legacy\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site without using transactions. \&quot;transacted\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site using transactions. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**RxByteCount** | **int64** | The amount of messages received from clients by the Broker, in bytes (B). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**RxByteRate** | **int64** | The current message rate received by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**RxCompressedByteCount** | **int64** | The amount of compressed messages received by the Broker, in bytes (B). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**RxCompressedByteRate** | **int64** | The current compressed message rate received by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**RxCompressionRatio** | **string** | The compression ratio for messages received by the Broker. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**RxMsgCount** | **int64** | The number of messages received from clients by the Broker. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**RxMsgRate** | **int64** | The current message rate received by the Broker, in messages per second (msg/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**RxUncompressedByteCount** | **int64** | The amount of uncompressed messages received by the Broker, in bytes (B). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**RxUncompressedByteRate** | **int64** | The current uncompressed message rate received by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceAmqpEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the AMQP service. When disabled new AMQP Clients may not connect through the global or per-VPN AMQP listen-ports, and all currently connected AMQP Clients are immediately disconnected. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceAmqpTlsListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that AMQP clients can use to connect to the broker using raw TCP over TLS. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceEventConnectionCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceHealthCheckEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the health-check service. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceHealthCheckListenPort** | **int64** | The port number for the health-check service. The port must be unique across the message backbone. The health-check service must be disabled to change the port. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceMateLinkEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the mate-link service. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceMateLinkListenPort** | **int64** | The port number for the mate-link service. The port must be unique across the message backbone. The mate-link service must be disabled to change the port. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceMqttEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the MQTT service. When disabled new MQTT Clients may not connect through the per-VPN MQTT listen-ports, and all currently connected MQTT Clients are immediately disconnected. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceMsgBackboneEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the msg-backbone service. When disabled new Clients may not connect through global or per-VPN listen-ports, and all currently connected Clients are immediately disconnected. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRedundancyEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the redundancy service. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRedundancyFirstListenPort** | **int64** | The first listen-port used for the redundancy service. Redundancy uses this port and the subsequent 2 ports. These port must be unique across the message backbone. The redundancy service must be disabled to change this port. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRestEventOutgoingConnectionCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRestIncomingEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the REST service incoming connections on the router. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRestOutgoingEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the REST service outgoing connections on the router. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempLegacyTimeoutEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable extended SEMP timeouts for paged GETs. When a request times out, it returns the current page of content, even if the page is not full.  When enabled, the timeout is 60 seconds. When disabled, the timeout is 5 seconds.  The recommended setting is disabled (no legacy-timeout).  This parameter is intended as a temporary workaround to be used until SEMP clients can handle short pages.  This setting will be removed in a future release. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempPlainTextEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable plain-text SEMP service. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempPlainTextListenPort** | **int64** | The TCP port for plain-text SEMP client connections. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempSessionIdleTimeout** | **int32** | The session idle timeout, in minutes. Sessions will be invalidated if there is no activity in this period of time. Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempSessionMaxLifetime** | **int32** | The maximum lifetime of a session, in minutes. Sessions will be invalidated after this period of time, regardless of activity. Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempTlsEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable TLS SEMP service. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempTlsListenPort** | **int64** | The TCP port for TLS SEMP client connections. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfCompressionListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw compression TCP. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the SMF service. When disabled new SMF Clients may not connect through the global listen-ports, and all currently connected SMF Clients are immediately disconnected. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfEventConnectionCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfPlainTextListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw TCP. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfRoutingControlListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw routing control TCP. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfTlsListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw TCP over TLS. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceTlsEventConnectionCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceWebTransportEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the web-transport service. When disabled new web-transport Clients may not connect through the global listen-ports, and all currently connected web-transport Clients are immediately disconnected. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceWebTransportPlainTextListenPort** | **int64** | The TCP port for plain-text WEB client connections. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceWebTransportTlsListenPort** | **int64** | The TCP port for TLS WEB client connections. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceWebTransportWebUrlSuffix** | **string** | Used to specify the Web URL suffix that will be used by Web clients when communicating with the broker. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsBlockVersion11Enabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether TLS version 1.1 connections are blocked. When blocked, all existing incoming and outgoing TLS 1.1 connections with Clients, SEMP users, and LDAP servers remain connected while new connections are blocked. Note that support for TLS 1.1 will eventually be discontinued, at which time TLS 1.1 connections will be blocked regardless of this setting. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteManagementDefaultList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of default cipher suites for TLS management connections. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteManagementList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites used for TLS management connections (e.g. SEMP, LDAP). The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteManagementSupportedList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of supported cipher suites for TLS management connections. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteMsgBackboneDefaultList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of default cipher suites for TLS data connections. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteMsgBackboneList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites used for TLS data connections (e.g. client pub/sub). The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteMsgBackboneSupportedList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of supported cipher suites for TLS data connections. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteSecureShellDefaultList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of default cipher suites for TLS secure shell connections. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteSecureShellList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites used for TLS secure shell connections (e.g. SSH, SFTP, SCP). The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteSecureShellSupportedList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of supported cipher suites for TLS secure shell connections. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCrimeExploitProtectionEnabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether protection against the CRIME exploit is enabled. When enabled, TLS+compressed messaging performance is degraded. This protection should only be disabled if sufficient ACL and authentication features are being employed such that a potential attacker does not have sufficient access to trigger the exploit. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsStandardDomainCertificateAuthoritiesEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the standard domain certificate authority list. Available since 2.19. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsTicketLifetime** | **int32** | The TLS ticket lifetime in seconds. When a client connects with TLS, a session with a session ticket is created using the TLS ticket lifetime which determines how long the client has to resume the session. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsVersionSupportedList** | **string** | The comma-separated list of supported TLS versions. | [optional] [default to null]
**TxByteCount** | **int64** | The amount of messages transmitted to clients by the Broker, in bytes (B). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**TxByteRate** | **int64** | The current message rate transmitted by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**TxCompressedByteCount** | **int64** | The amount of compressed messages transmitted by the Broker, in bytes (B). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**TxCompressedByteRate** | **int64** | The current compressed message rate transmitted by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**TxCompressionRatio** | **string** | The compression ratio for messages transmitted by the Broker. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**TxMsgCount** | **int64** | The number of messages transmitted to clients by the Broker. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**TxMsgRate** | **int64** | The current message rate transmitted by the Broker, in messages per second (msg/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**TxUncompressedByteCount** | **int64** | The amount of uncompressed messages transmitted by the Broker, in bytes (B). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**TxUncompressedByteRate** | **int64** | The current uncompressed message rate transmitted by the Broker, in bytes per second (B/sec). Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

