# MsgVpnQueueTemplate

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccessType** | **string** | The access type for delivering messages to consumer flows. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;exclusive\&quot; - Exclusive delivery of messages to the first bound consumer flow. \&quot;non-exclusive\&quot; - Non-exclusive delivery of messages to all bound consumer flows in a round-robin fashion. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**ConsumerAckPropagationEnabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether the propagation of consumer acknowledgements (ACKs) received on the active replication Message VPN to the standby replication Message VPN is enabled. | [optional] [default to null]
**DeadMsgQueue** | **string** | The name of the Dead Message Queue (DMQ). | [optional] [default to null]
**DurabilityOverride** | **string** | Controls the durability of queues created from this template. If non-durable, the created queue will be non-durable, regardless of the specified durability. If none, the created queue will have the requested durability. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;none\&quot; - The durability of the endpoint will be as requested on create. \&quot;non-durable\&quot; - The durability of the created queue will be non-durable, regardless of what was requested. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**EventBindCountThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EventRejectLowPriorityMsgLimitThreshold** | [***EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxBindCount** | **int64** | The maximum number of consumer flows that can bind. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxDeliveredUnackedMsgsPerFlow** | **int64** | The maximum number of messages delivered but not acknowledged per flow. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxMsgSize** | **int32** | The maximum message size allowed, in bytes (B). | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxMsgSpoolUsage** | **int64** | The maximum message spool usage allowed, in megabytes (MB). A value of 0 only allows spooling of the last message received and disables quota checking. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxRedeliveryCount** | **int64** | The maximum number of message redelivery attempts that will occur prior to the message being discarded or moved to the DMQ. A value of 0 means to retry forever. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxTtl** | **int64** | The maximum time in seconds a message can stay in a Queue when &#x60;respectTtlEnabled&#x60; is &#x60;\&quot;true\&quot;&#x60;. A message expires when the lesser of the sender assigned time-to-live (TTL) in the message and the &#x60;maxTtl&#x60; configured for the Queue, is exceeded. A value of 0 disables expiry. | [optional] [default to null]
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN. | [optional] [default to null]
**Permission** | **string** | The permission level for all consumers, excluding the owner. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;no-access\&quot; - Disallows all access. \&quot;read-only\&quot; - Read-only access to the messages. \&quot;consume\&quot; - Consume (read and remove) messages. \&quot;modify-topic\&quot; - Consume messages or modify the topic/selector. \&quot;delete\&quot; - Consume messages, modify the topic/selector or delete the Client created endpoint altogether. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueNameFilter** | **string** | A wildcardable pattern used to determine which Queues use settings from this Template. Two different wildcards are supported: * and &gt;. Similar to topic filters or subscription patterns, a &gt; matches anything (but only when used at the end), and a * matches zero or more characters but never a slash (/). A &gt; is only a wildcard when used at the end, after a /. A * is only allowed at the end, after a slash (/). | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueTemplateName** | **string** | The name of the Queue Template. | [optional] [default to null]
**RedeliveryEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable message redelivery. When enabled, the number of redelivery attempts is controlled by maxRedeliveryCount. When disabled, the message will never be delivered from the queue more than once. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**RejectLowPriorityMsgEnabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether the checking of low priority messages against the &#x60;rejectLowPriorityMsgLimit&#x60; is enabled. | [optional] [default to null]
**RejectLowPriorityMsgLimit** | **int64** | The number of messages of any priority above which low priority messages are not admitted but higher priority messages are allowed. | [optional] [default to null]
**RejectMsgToSenderOnDiscardBehavior** | **string** | Determines when to return negative acknowledgements (NACKs) to sending clients on message discards. Note that NACKs prevent the message from being delivered to any destination and Transacted Session commits to fail. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;always\&quot; - Always return a negative acknowledgment (NACK) to the sending client on message discard. \&quot;when-queue-enabled\&quot; - Only return a negative acknowledgment (NACK) to the sending client on message discard when the Queue is enabled. \&quot;never\&quot; - Never return a negative acknowledgment (NACK) to the sending client on message discard. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**RespectMsgPriorityEnabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether message priorities are respected. When enabled, messages are delivered in priority order, from 9 (highest) to 0 (lowest). | [optional] [default to null]
**RespectTtlEnabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether the the time-to-live (TTL) for messages is respected. When enabled, expired messages are discarded or moved to the DMQ. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

